RT this if you're proud to have Hillary's back tonight. 
Hillary has earned nearly every newspaper endorsement of the general election. Here's why: 
I strongly condemn today's attack in Jerusalem and my prayers go to the victims' families. The terrorists must be brought to justice. -H
Targeting police officers with violence is unacceptable. My heart breaks for the loss these families have suffered.… 
Here's what you need to know about early voting and absentee ballots: 
"This is a woman who really does care."
If you read one thing before tonight's debate make it this: 
“The choice that you make that we make will determine the direction of this country for a long time." —@POTUS
Saddened by the passing of Choco Meza a historic figure in Texas politics beloved friend on our team. My prayers… 
"We urge voters to dump Trump and choose the clearly qualified candidate in this race: Hillary Clinton” 
It's time to hold Trump accountable to the facts. Follow @TheBriefing2016 during tonight's debate to help spread the word. 
At tonight's debate Janelle will be in the audience cheering on her friend Hillary. 
Get all the latest updates from tonight's debate straight to your phone. 
Remember. 
If you've got Hillary's back tonight is the night to show it. Chip in before the debate to say you're with her: 
Fighting for all the good she can in all the ways she can for as long as ever she can. 
Let's go. 
If we work together—if we overcome the divisiveness that sometimes sets Americans against one another—there's nothing we can't do. 
We are going to respect each other lift each other up and celebrate our diversity.
"I have great respect for women." —@realDonaldTrump who said all of these things. 
Trump has said that the video doesn't represent who he is. Anyone who heard it knows it's exactly who he is.But that's not who we are.
“I want to send a message: America is already great but we are great because we are good.” 
Mocking a disabled reporter. Attacking a Gold Star family. Insulting a judge. Trump has never apologized—because that's just who Trump is.
Trump owes President Obama an apology for his years-long racist conspiracy. And by the way: "Sorry if you were offended" doesn't count.
If Hillary tried to fact-check Donald in real time she wouldn't have time for anything else. 
RT this to make sure everyone you know is registered to vote: 
Americans deserve a real plan to expand access to health care and get costs down. 
"You are right about Islamophobia and it's a shame." —Donald Trump who proposed a ban on Muslims entering the U.S. 
The vast majority of Muslim Americans want to help fight terrorism. We are not at war with Islam.Trump is playing into terrorists' hands.
Our vision for America is a country where everyone has a place including of course Muslim Americans. 
Donald Trump was not against the war in Iraq. 
The same guy who probably didn't pay federal taxes for 18 years is OK raising taxes on millions in the middle-class. Sound right to you?
Ask yourself: Do you want the guy who lost a billion dollars in one year—running a casino!—to run the U.S. economy? 
Donald always takes care of Donald and people like Donald. 
Trump has gotten one thing right about the economy. 
Trump would give millionaires (like him) and billionaires the biggest tax cuts they’ve ever had. 
Trump: "Health care—why didn't she do something about it?"Here's Hillary in 1993 testifying for health care refo… 
Four hundred pieces of legislation have Hillary Clinton's name on them.How many has Donald Trump passed? 
"I know more about ISIS than the generals." —Donald Trump who clearly doesn't. 
"I will be a president for all of the people." —Donald Trump**Except women people of color LGBT people Muslims... 
You did in fact say this. 
Many people are saying Donald Trump doesn't have the discipline temperament or vision to be president. 
The next president could appoint up to three Supreme Court justices.Will they protect Americans' rights or corporations'? 
Trump talks tough on trade and Chinese steel hurting American workers—but he bought Chinese steel for two of his last three buildings.
RT this if you're prouder than ever to be on Hillary's team. 
Hillary won tonight. Chip in to help her win on November 8th: 
She won. 
